You look rested for
someone who was at the Oscars last night.
Did you go out afterwards?
>> Yeah, I made my one stop.
I breezed through.
>> Drive by at the Vanity Fair party,
that's it.
>> That's it?
>> Of course, it was down the hill from my
house, so it was easy this year.
>> It's usually a lot further away.
This year it was Was closer so.
>> The party?
>> Boom, straight up the hill.
>> Good, now and
wasn't Jimmy great last night?
Didn't you think he did a good job?
>> Yeah, he's no Ellen DeGeneres but
he's all right.
>> Well you know, nobody is, nobody is.
>> Everybody's trying to rip,
you know, your thing off.
I actually watched the Grammy's they were
trying to rip off your whole selfie thing,
it didn't work so well.
>> I saw with them doing
the karaoke in the car.
Well.
<< Yours was way doper.
[LAUGH].
<< You're very sweet.
You're very sweet.
So who were you sitting with?
>> My wife.
>> And who else?
Who else was around you?
>> Everybody in Hollywood.
>> Aha [LAUGH].
>> All the hopefuls.
>> Great.
Everybody sitting there pins and needles.
>> Yeah.
>> I was relaxed cause I wasn't up for
anything so
it was cool to able to be there.
>> So you go even though you're not,
so you like going to those things.
>> I was presenting.
I was you know, you always go for
the goody basket, but-
>> Is that right?
>> [LAUGH]
>> Now they stopped giving them to
presenters.
Now they just give them to people who
are nominated, so I'm done with that.
>> [LAUGH]
>> So, now you're not gonna present?
>> Yeah.
[NOISE]
>> You're only gonna
go if you're nominate.
>> Only if I'm getting a goody bag.
>> Yeah.
>> Yes.
>> Well good-
>> It's all about the basket.
>> Yeah LAUGH] Is it?
>> [LAUGH]
>> Do they have that good of stuff that
it's worth going?
>> Yeah.
>> Really?
>> Yeah, I mean years ago it used to be
>> A lot of money.
The first time I went I
remember going to rehearsal and
they give you a basket at rehearsal and
Jack Nicholson was nominated that year.
He came out with this basket and
he actually gave it to somebody in
the crowd that was in the back waiting.
>> Wow, that's nice.
>> Worth tons of money.
It was lots of great stuff in there.
>> Now let me ask you a question.
Well, just said that your movies
have made about $17 billion.
>> Yeah.
>> Not that you make $17 billion.
>> No.
>> But you earn a good living.
>> I do all right.
>> You don't really need a free basket,
you're doing okay.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Everybody likes-
>> Free stuff.
>> Yeah right.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> That's
my answer to the question,
what's the best thing about being famous?
Free stuff.
>> The free stuff.
>> Yeah.
>> Its so backwards though,
I mean when we're-
>> Free stuff.
>> When we're- [LAUGH]
>> When we're struggling, as a stand up,
you know, if I was an opener I had to
pay for my food, if I was a middle act,
I got it half off,
if I was a headliner, I got it for free.
So like you, when you're struggling
they don't give you free stuff, and
all of a sudden we make it and
people just send you stuff all the time.
>> It was crazy.
>> it's not fair.
So when you are and as I say that
many movies that you've been in,
that to make 17 billion
that's really impressive.
>> Yeah,
I'm still trying to catch Harrison though
>> Harrison is still ahead of me
because of Star Wars last year.
So I gotta make,
I think my assistant told me I was like $8
to maybe $150 million or
somewhere behind him.
>> That's close.
>> But yeah,
I got a chance to grab him with-
>> With this-
>> Either this movie.
>> Yeah.
>> Triple X is doing really well in China.
So I might catch him soon so
it would be that.
Or this movie, or
whenever The Incredibles 2 comes out.
>> Yeah.
That's a given, done.
>> For sure, yes.
You will win.
And then you will make
the most of any other actor.
>> And then I'll be back on the highest
grossing actor in
the history of Hollywood.
I had that title for about five years.
And Harrison.
Made one movie and caught me.
>> Damn him.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And when you catch yourself,
like if you're in your hotel
room flipping through and
you see a movie of yours come on,
will you, do you like to watch yourself?
>> I love watching my movies.
>> You do?
>> [LAUGH]
>> Yeah that's why I'm here.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Yeah.
>> What-
>> I mean back when I was doing theater in
New York, I always wanted to see
the play I was in with me in it.
And that's impossible.
>> Right.
>> So when I got a chance to do movies it
was like like heaven, it's like-
>> Yeah.
>> I can watch me all the time.
>> [LAUGH]
>> So if I'm at home channel surfing and
there's nothing on that I
really wanna watch, I can
just throw my name into the search engine
and some will come up that I will see.
>> Of course they will.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> We're back with Samuel L Jackson,
and so
you're good friends with Judge Judy.
>> Yes, that's my friend.
We have dinner at least four or
five times a year.
>> And you love watching her show.
>> All the time.
>> Yeah, I love her show too.
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> She's hilarious.
She says some pretty, I mean she's
a no-nonsense person, so are you.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And so we thought we're play a game,
and it's called Judy or Jackson.
Let me go first cuz I don't
wanna be influenced by you.
I don't even know if you'll know,
but we're gonna put up a quote, and
we're gonna use these paddles and guess
Who said it, you or Judge Judy and so
let's see the first one.
You're going to regret the fact that
you opened your eyes this morning!
I'm gonna say that that's you.
>> Its, Really?
Wow.
[APPLAUSE] Alright.
[APPLAUSE]
>> Are these quotes from his movies or
just like in a-
>> Yeah.
>> Yeah, all right.
That's why it sounded like-
>> I don't say anything else
that's poignant.
>> Yeah, it's-
>> Everything I
say is important in a movie.
>> All right.
>> Or it's a tee shirt.
>> I'm as serious as a heart attack.
I'm gonna say that's her.
>> [LAUGH] [APPLAUSE]
>> No-
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> 0 for 2.
Alright lets-
>> I'm slaying this game.
>> You really are good at it.
Let's see
the next one.
[LAUGH] [APPLAUSE] [APPLAUSE]
The one time I follow you.
>> Really?
>> You don't remember that?
>> Who did I say that to, David Caruso?
He's in that movie.
Or maybe I said it to Nick Cage.
>> You have to watch it tonight.
>> Okay, I'll do that.
I will.
>> All right.
[APPLAUSE] Do we have another one?
>> Wow
>> If you lie to me,
I'll wipe the floor with you worse
than anybody that's ever tackled you.
[LAUGH] [APPLAUSE]
>> Good looking out.
>> If your mother didn't lay it out for
you like that, I'm going to lay it out for
you like that.
>> I'm catching on.
Okay Annie!
>> Big finish.
>> This could either be
easy, or painful.
>> [LAUGH]
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Amazing.
[SOUND]